Arcgis rest layers support (#371)
wegue-oss/wegue: docs/map-layer-configuration.md

| hoverAttribute      | Attribute to be shown if a feature of the layer is hovered. Only has an effect if `hoverable` is set to `true`.  | `"hoverAttribute": "name"` |
| hoverOverlay        | ID of a custom map overlay to display when a feature of the layer is hovered. Only has an effect if `hoverable` is set to `true`. For more information on how to implement a map overlay see the [reusable components](reusable-components?id=map-overlay) section. | `"hoverOverlay": "my-custom-overlay"` |
| params        | This allows to inject custom HTTP parameters to the GetMap request of the layer. | `"params": {"FEATUREID": 1}"` |

## Arcgis REST (tiled)

| Property           | Meaning   | Example |
|--------------------|:---------:|---------|
| **type**           | Indicator that the layer is `"TILEARCGIS"`  | `"type": "TILEARCGIS"` |

> | **url**            | The GetMap URL of the WMS | `"url": "https://cartografia.comune.padova.it/server/rest/services/topo/MapServer"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **url**            | The base URL of the Arcgis REST service | `"url": "https://cartografia.comune.padova.it/server/rest/services/topo/MapServer"` |
```
